---
description: Where is the yield came from?
---

# Earn

**Earn Pools**

When stable holders stake their fTokens into **Earn Pools(Also known as Stability Pool)**, they can earn part of the yields generated by the **BaseTokens** plus FXN emissions.

Users may Deposit Corresponding **fTokens** and **Earn Yields** Generated From BaseTokens:\


**fxUSD, earn wstETH and frxETH:** The fxUSD Earn Pools are separate for each reserve LSD, allowing varying yields between stability pools and varying leverage between each xTokens. This separation is sensible since those pools and tokens are backed by different reserve LSDs with different risks, base yields, etc.

**btcUSD, earn WBTC**: The key difference with WBTC is that, since it has no built-in yield, xWBTC holders pay a competitive funding rate for the leveraged price exposure. As with all other fTokens, holding btcUSD is free and allows the sharing of funding rates from xWBTC holders. The funding rate of xWBTC will simply track the borrowing rate of crvUSD against WBTC.&#x20;

**rUSD, earn weETH and ezETH:** rUSD is a stablecoin that uses the same mechanism as fxUSD, but with its reserve comprised of only ETH Liquid Restaking Tokens (LRT), starting with Ether.fi’s eETH and Renzo Protocol's ezETH. Earn Pools depositors can earn restaking rewards, including points, all without taking ETH price exposure. In fact, since 100% of reserve points flow to the rUSD Stability Pool, along with 50% of LST yields, points accrual in the rUSD Stability Pool is much higher, dollar for dollar, than holding the LST itself.&#x20;

**cvxUSD, earn aCVX:** CVX Earn Pool allows users to earn the native staking yield from Convex Finance. Users can stake cvxUSD to Earn Pools to earn CVX staking yield while remaining pegged to the dollar.

**fETH, earn wstETH:** fETH Earn Pool allows users to earn the native LSD rewards from stETH, plus FXN emissions



In exchange, while the stable-leverage pair is at risk of becoming unstable because of too much minted stable and insufficient minted xTokens, stables in the Earn Pool are redeemed for reserve assets at their NAV. If the protocol enters stability mode, for Earn pool users, it is like automatically buying ETH (or whatever the reserve token is) at market price, with no slippage. Otherwise, it’s farming unstable, real yields using stablecoins.&#x20;



**FX Auto-Compound**

* **aFXN**: Concentrator [aFXN](https://fx.convexfinance.com/stake) is an auto-compounding asset. The underlying asset of aFXN is [cvxFXN](https://fx.convexfinance.com/stake). By staking cvxFXN, you’re earning a share of the usual rewards from veFXN, plus a share of the Convex LPs’ boosted FXN earnings and CVX tokens on top of that.
* Important: Converting FXN to cvxFXN is irreversible. You may stake and unstake cvxFXN tokens, but not convert them back to FXN. Secondary markets however exist to allow the exchange of cvxFXN for FXN at varying market rates.

| FXN token address        | [0x365AccFCa291e7D3914637ABf1F7635dB165Bb09](https://etherscan.io/address/0x365AccFCa291e7D3914637ABf1F7635dB165Bb09) |
| ------------------------ | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| cvxFXN token address     | [0x183395DbD0B5e93323a7286D1973150697FFFCB3](https://etherscan.io/address/0x183395DbD0B5e93323a7286D1973150697FFFCB3) |
| Deposit contract address | [0x56B3c8eF8A095f8637B6A84942aA898326B82b91](https://etherscan.io/address/0x56B3c8eF8A095f8637B6A84942aA898326B82b91) |
| Stake contract address   | [0xEC60Cd4a5866fb3B0DD317A46d3B474a24e06beF](https://etherscan.io/address/0xEC60Cd4a5866fb3B0DD317A46d3B474a24e06beF) |

* **arUSD**: Concentrator [arUSD](https://fx.convexfinance.com/stake/ethereum/19) is an auto-compounding asset. Users may earn up to \~ 6x ether.fi loyalty points and \~ 2x EigenLayer points by depositing rUSD. The underlying asset of arUSD is [rUSD](https://fx.aladdin.club/assets/rUSD/) staking in Earn Pool.

\
\
